removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
reremoving key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
moving key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removremoving key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
ing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenMinter'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['Amount'] that is the wrong data type
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenOfferNode'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokenID'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['BurnedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['MintedNFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['PreviousPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NextPageMin'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
removing key['NFTokens'] that is not defined in the schema
